SP-2019: Add description of Solar System data products in DP1 (#45)
lsst/rtn-011: figures/dp1_fields_depths.tex

        \label{fig:img2}
    \end{subfigure}
    \hfill
    \begin{subfigure}[b]{0.3\textwidth}
        \centering
        \includegraphics[width=\textwidth]{comcam_psf_maglim_fornax_dsph_r}
        \caption{Fornax dSph}
        \label{fig:img3}
    \end{subfigure}
    \vspace{1em}  % Vertical space between rows
     \begin{subfigure}[b]{0.3\textwidth}
        \centering
        \includegraphics[width=\textwidth]{comcam_psf_maglim_ecdfs_r}
        \caption{ECDFS}
        \label{fig:img4}
    \end{subfigure}
    \hfill
    \vspace{1em}  
    \begin{subfigure}[b]{0.3\textwidth}
        \centering
        \includegraphics[width=\textwidth]{comcam_psf_maglim_edfs_r}
        \caption{EDFS}
        \label{fig:img6}
    \end{subfigure}
    \hfill
    \begin{subfigure}[b]{0.3\textwidth}
        \centering
        \includegraphics[width=\textwidth]{comcam_psf_maglim_rubin_sv_95_-25_r}
        \caption{Rubin SV 95 -25}
        \label{fig:img7}
    \end{subfigure}
    \hfill
    \begin{subfigure}[b]{0.3\textwidth}
        \centering
        \includegraphics[width=\textwidth]{comcam_psf_maglim_seagull_r}
        \caption{Seagull}
        \label{fig:img8}
    \end{subfigure}

>      \caption{Cumulative imaging depth expressed in terms of the $S/N=5$ limiting magnitude for unresolved sources for seven ComCam Deep Drilling Fields.}

Reviewer: Is it really accurate to describe all seven as "Deep Drilling" fields? I think this is the only place in the document where that's done.

Author: yeah - this is a mistake - thanks. I don't say this elsewhere (nor in the paper)

>      \caption{Cumulative imaging depth expressed in terms of the $S/N=5$ limiting magnitude for unresolved sources for seven ComCam Deep Drilling Fields.}

Author: ```suggestion
     \caption{Cumulative imaging depth expressed in terms of the $S/N=5$ limiting magnitude for unresolved sources for seven LSSTComCam Fields.}
```
